[Async Messages]Add feature documentation (#2642)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: docusaurus/docs/iOS/client/audio-support/audio-recording-and-playback-overview.md

---
title: Overview
---

The `StreamChat` framework ships the tools to record and playback audio files.

Audio recorders and players expose API functionality that can allow you to build your own UI around Audio Recording/Playback. 

:::note

> Audio recording is available since version 4.32.0 of the SDK.
> 
> Audio playback, using the provided audio players, is available since version 4.32.0 of the SDK.

Reviewer: Maybe?

```suggestion
Audio recording and playback is available since version 4.32.0 of the SDK.
```
